TINY-8840:  Added new SPAP promotion to the editor (#8027)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/mcagar/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Added
> - Added `promotion` set to `false` as a default setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
- The new `promotion` option added in TinyMCE 6.2 is set to `false` by default.
```
Added is meant to be new features, since this isn't new then it should probably be either an enhancement or a simple change... I figured the latter made more sense in this usecase 🤷
